6) Explain Git Life Cycle.

Ans) General workflow is as follows −

	- You clone the Git repository as a working copy.
	- You modify the working copy by adding/editing files.
	- If necessary, you also update the working copy by taking other developer's changes.
	- You review the changes before commit.
	- You commit changes. If everything is fine, then you push the changes to the repository.
	- After committing, if you realize something is wrong, then you correct the last commit and push the changes to the repository.

7) Describe the Git commands.

ANs) Git commands are as follows:
	git init - one way to start a new project with Git
	git add - adds a change in the working directory to the staging area
	git commit - captures a snapshot of the project's currently staged changes
	git pull - used to update the local version of a repository from a remote
	git push - used to upload local repository content to a remote repository
	git checkout - refers to the action of swaping between different repository branches/files/commits
	git log - a utility tool to review and read a history of everything that happens to a repository
	git reset -used to undo local changes to the state of a Git repo
	git revert - used for undoing changes to a repository's commit history
	git merge - allows you to merge branches from Git

8)  Difference between centrally controlled system vs distributed system

	Centrally controlled system - A hardware and/or software IT system in which all parts of it are controlled by a central
                                  controller/server/mainframe.

	Distributed system - A hardware and/or software IT system in which various parts of the control and/or processing are controlled 
                                                              by individual controllers/servers/computers throughout the system.

	Centrally controlled system:
		Advantages - Easy to control
		Disadvantages - If the controller is damaged the whole system will stop working, the system will be overloaded

	Distributed system:
		Advantages - If one part is broken down the system will continue working
		Disadvantages - Data loss can happen because the parts of the system will have to share the data with other parts,
                                                                 finding errors in the system will be much harder